
**Dear Hiring Manager,**

As a dedicated professional with over 14 years of experience in financial services, particularly in the investment banking sector, I have had the privilege of driving transformational changes in front office information systems. These initiatives have empowered traders, product, profitability, risk, and investment strategy analysts, while enhancing user experience for customers and strengthening operational capabilities to support key business activities. As an engineer, I have been fulfilled by designing and implementing technical solutions that align with firm strategies, foster innovation, and support dozens of business specialists.

I am proud to have contributed to initiatives that enhance client satisfaction, empower product specialists and analysts across profitability, risk, and investment strategy, and cement Societe Generale’s reputation as a leader in [Prime Brokerage](https://wholesale.banking.societegenerale.com/en/news-insights/all-news-insights/news-details/news/societe-generale-receives-derivatives-client-clearer-of-the-year-award-from-risknet/). a space I have been honored to serve for the past 4 years. 

Now, I am eager to explore a new opportunity where I can contribute to a company’s strategic initiatives like this job. My experience includes being both a user and a contributor to SG Markets since its inception in 2016, delivering assets such as APIs, web applications, bots, and widgets—innovations that I am proud to see deliver tangible value via the Digital Platform.

Passionate about technology, I bring expertise in digital transformation, some involving scalability patterns and performance optimization. My diverse skill set as an IT Expert, Digital Champion, Full Stack Developer, Public Cloud Advocate, and Technical Lead positions me as a versatile team player ready to tackle new challenges. I am confident that my experience and drive make me a strong fit for this role, and I look forward to contributing meaningfully to your team.

I would be delighted to discuss how my skills and background align with your needs and would welcome the opportunity for a conversation.
